**System Features Planning**

Pharmaceutical Resources Distribution System

<div class="joplin-table-wrapper"><table><tbody><tr><th colspan="2"><p><strong>Pharma II</strong></p></th></tr><tr><td><p>Dashboard</p></td><td><ul><li>This will be the main dashboard of the of the Pharma II.</li><li>It displays graph forecast (if ever there is already a forecast, for the central office only.)</li><li>Display the initial notification section.</li><li>Display the sum part of the approvals (stock transfer, medicine request, registration request. If there is)</li><li>Take note that this is only a dashboard.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>User Management</p></td><td><ul><li><strong>Approval of user registrations</strong> (BHW and Pharma I registration request)</li><li><strong>Manage User</strong>. Add User. Deactivate User. However, in terms of editing, they can only edit the First Name, Last Name, Role, Facility Type and its status. Other than that, they cannot edit (refer to the database for attributes)</li><li><strong>Viewing User</strong>. It can view the all users, in categorized mode (facility they are in, role, etc.)</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>Stock Transfer</p></td><td><ul><li>Have dashboard that display all the stocks all over the facilities (barangay).</li><li>View what facility have nearly expiration stock and a what facility who are needed the stock to have balance medicine needs and avoid wastage of medicine due to expiration.</li><li>They can have an authorization to transfer a stock from facility to another facility for better.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>Stock Transfer Approval</p></td><td><ul><li>The Pharma II have also an authorization for approving the transfer request made by the health center facility.</li><li>Thus, if ever the pharma II made a stock transfer the transfer will automatically progressing if the system is detected the user as a pharma II.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>Expiration Watchlist</p></td><td><ul><li>A dashboard that displays all the stocks that will be expiring soon.</li><li>It accumulates all the stock from the central office and all over the 28 facilities (barangay)</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>Medicine Dispensing</p></td><td><ul><li>It is a POS like module.</li><li>This will be also the main focus for the Central office if the pharma II will handle the medicine dispensing.</li><li>It has a feature to view the patient medicine records.</li><li>To view the available stock in central office.</li><li>Overall, it acts like a point-of-sale module (just like in cashier method) however, it doesn't involve solely in cash, it is all about the medicine.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>Medicine Request Approval</p></td><td><ul><li>It will view all the request that the facility made.</li><li>This is a central office and health center communication of request.</li><li>The purpose for this is restocking request if ever the health center is having a low stock in medicine and need restocking.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>View Notification</p></td><td><ul><li>We have two types of displaying the notification; the popup one and the whole open module one.</li><li>The popup notification is to have initially inform the receiver about the notification that has been made (maybe in brief notification style)</li><li>The open module or the whole details viewing of the notification</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>Manage Supplier</p></td><td><ul><li>To add, edit, or deactivate the supplier of a specific medicine</li><li>View all the information of the supplier (address, contact info, name of the supplier)</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>Other Program</p></td><td><ul><li>To add a program or special program like medical mission.</li><li>The purpose of this is to monitor the medicine that will used for the program</li><li>Take note that the medicine's will be used in this program is from the central office</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>View Forecast</p></td><td><ul><li>A dashboard that has a graph that show the medicine forecast for the next month of every facility including the central office and the health centers (28 barangay health centers)</li><li>To analyze well for the right number of stocks to be dispense every facility and avoid wastage due to overstock cause of vague calculation of medicine to dispense per facility.</li><li>Have a feature to export the forecast to pdf</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>View Report</p></td><td><ul><li>To view the daily, monthly, and yearly report of all facilities (the central office and the 28 barangay health center facilities)</li><li>Have also a feature to export the forecast to pdf</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>System Activity Log</p></td><td><ul><li>It records all the activities that has been made in the system (considering the hierarchy of the users. Pharma II can view all the system activity log of the health center and the 28 barangay health center facilities)</li><li>We can include here the logged in and logged out sessions every users.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>Logout</p></td><td><ul><li>Logout session for the pharma II</li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table></div>

<div class="joplin-table-wrapper"><table><tbody><tr><th colspan="2"><p><strong>Pharma I</strong></p></th></tr><tr><td><p>Dashboard</p></td><td><ul><li>It displays the whole graph forecast of the central office and the 28 barangay health center facilities</li><li>Please take note that the forecast graph summarization is segregate from the 28-facilities health center and also the central has their own graph forecast</li><li>It displays also the short popup notification for the approvals of: stock transfer and medicine request.</li><li>Take note that this is a dashboard for the pharma I so notice that there is a difference of what are the possible shown in this dashboard compared to the pharma II</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>Stock Transfer</p></td><td><ul><li>Have dashboard that display all the stocks all over the facilities (barangay).</li><li>View what facility have nearly expiration stock and a what facility who are needed the stock to have balance medicine needs and avoid wastage of medicine due to expiration.</li><li>They can have an authorization to transfer a stock from facility to another facility.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>Stock Transfer Approval</p></td><td><ul><li>The Pharma II have also an authorization for approving the transfer request made by the health center facility.</li><li>Thus, if ever the pharma II made a stock transfer the transfer will automatically progressing if the system is detected the user as a pharma II.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>Expiration Watchlist</p></td><td><ul><li>A dashboard that displays all the stocks that will be expiring soon.</li><li>It accumulates all the stock from the central office and all over the 28 facilities (barangay)</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>Medicine Dispensing</p></td><td><ul><li>It is a POS like module.</li><li>This will be also the main focus for the Central office, it will handle the medicine dispensing.</li><li>It has a feature to view the patient medicine records.</li><li>To view the available stock in central office.</li><li>Overall, it acts like a point-of-sale module (just like in cashier method) however, it doesn't involve solely in cash, it is all about the medicine.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>Medicine Request Approval</p></td><td><ul><li>It will view all the request that the facility made.</li><li>This is a central office and health center communication of request.</li><li>The purpose for this is restocking request if ever the health center is having a low stock in medicine and need restocking.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>View Notification</p></td><td><ul><li>We have two types of displaying the notification; the popup one and the whole open module one.</li><li>The popup notification is to have initially inform the receiver about the notification that has been made (maybe in brief notification style)</li><li>The open module or the whole details viewing of the notification</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>View Forecast</p></td><td><ul><li>A dashboard that has a graph that show the medicine forecast for the next month of every facility including the central office and the health centers (28 barangay health centers)</li><li>To analyze well for the right number of stocks to be dispense every facility and avoid wastage due to overstock cause of vague calculation of medicine to dispense per facility.</li><li>Have a feature to export the forecast to pdf</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>View Report</p></td><td><ul><li>To view the daily, monthly, and yearly report of all facilities (the central office and the 28 barangay health center facilities)</li><li>Have also a feature to export the forecast to pdf</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>System Activity Log</p></td><td><ul><li>It records all the activities that has been made in the system (considering the hierarchy of the users. Pharma I can view all the system activity log of the health center and the 28 barangay health center facilities)</li><li>We can include here the logged in and logged out sessions every user.</li><li>Take note that the user is a Pharma I so they cannot view the system activity log that the Pharma II has performed. However, they can view what they have do in the system.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>Logout</p></td><td><ul><li>Logout session for the pharma I</li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table></div>

<div class="joplin-table-wrapper"><table><tbody><tr><th colspan="2"><p><strong>BHW</strong></p></th></tr><tr><td><p>Dashboard</p></td><td><ul><li>It displays the graph forecast of their own assigned facility</li><li>It displays the summarizations for the stock transfer, recent approved stock transfer, recent notifications, recent expiration alerts (or priority display the low stock medicine notifications)</li><li>Take note also that this is a dashboard so displaying all necessary recent information is a must.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>Stock Transfer</p></td><td><ul><li>Have dashboard that display all the stocks all over the facilities (barangay).</li><li>View what facility have nearly expiration stock and a what facility who are needed the stock to have balance medicine needs and avoid wastage of medicine due to expiration.</li><li>They can have an authorization to transfer a stock from facility to another facility.</li><li>For this, they have also a feature that let view they transfer request progress if it's approved or not by the central office (technically if the pharma II or pharma I approved the request transfer)</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>Expiration Watchlist</p></td><td><ul><li>A dashboard that displays all the stocks that will be expiring soon.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>Medicine Dispensing</p></td><td><ul><li>It is a POS like module.</li><li>This will be also the main focus for the Central office, it will handle the medicine dispensing.</li><li>It has a feature to view the patient medicine records.</li><li>To view the available stock in central office.</li><li>Overall, it acts like a point-of-sale module (just like in cashier method) however, it doesn't involve solely in cash, it is all about the medicine.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>Medicine Request</p></td><td><ul><li>It will view all the request that the facility have made (one facility only since it focuses solely on one facility module for this category of the bhw access)</li><li>It has also a feature that let view the request progress if it's approved or not by the central office.</li><li>It also necessary to show the request history.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>View Notification</p></td><td><ul><li>We have two types of displaying the notification; the popup one and the whole open module one.</li><li>The popup notification is to have initially inform the receiver about the notification that has been made (maybe in brief notification style)</li><li>The open module or the whole details viewing of the notification</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>View Forecast</p></td><td><ul><li>A dashboard that has a graph that show the medicine forecast for the next month for the assigned facility only.</li><li>To analyze well for the right number of stocks to be dispense every facility and avoid wastage due to overstock cause of vague calculation of medicine to dispense per facility.</li><li>Have a feature to export the forecast to pdf</li><li>Take note that the BHW can only access or view their assigned facility so they cannot view the forecast to the other facility.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>View Report</p></td><td><ul><li>To view the daily, monthly, and yearly report of the assigned facility</li><li>Have also a feature to export the forecast to pdf</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>System Activity Log</p></td><td><ul><li>It records all the activities that has been made in the system (considering the hierarchy of the users. BHW can view all the system activity log of their assigned facility only, so they cannot view the activity logs to the other facilities)</li><li>We can include here the logged in and logged out sessions every user.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>Logout</p></td><td><ul><li>Logout session for the pharma I</li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table></div>